THREESCALE-11156 add tls env var to zync and system deployments (#1026)
3scale/3scale-operator: doc/operator-user-guide.md

See [Zync secret](apimanager-reference.md#zync) for reference.

#### TLS database configuration ####

It is possible to connect to both the system-database and zync database via TLS provided these databases have TLS enabled. To enable TLS communication to these databases you will need to configure the ApiManager and the database secret.

> In ApiManager CR we set the boolean to enable TLS configuration for the respictive databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ApiManager CR set the boolean to enable TLS configuration for the respective databases
```

- `spec.zync.zyncDatabaseTLSEnabled: true`
- `spec.system.systemDatabaseTLSEnabled: true`

> We pass the cert files in via the respective secret i.e. system-database & zync

Reviewer: Or, the operator passes the cert files to the respective deployments via the database secrets i.e. system-database & zync

You set the following values in the secret to connect to the database via TLS

| Secret Key | Secret Value |
| --- | --- |
| DATABASE_SSL_MODE | string of the SSL mode for database connection |
| DB_SSL_CA | actual ca cert |
| DB_SSL_CERT | actual client cert |
| DB_SSL_KEY | actual client key |

e.g. for system-database
```bash
oc create secret generic system-database \
  --from-literal=DATABASE_SSL_MODE=verify-ca \
  --from-literal=DATABASE_URL=postgresql://postgres:postgres@postgres-zync.postgres.svc.cluster.local/zync_production \
  --from-literal=ZYNC_DATABASE_PASSWORD=password \
  --from-file=DB_SSL_CA=rootCA.crt \

>   --from-file=DB_SSL_CERT=client.crt \

Reviewer: I was getting the following error in the operator:
```
Secret field 'DATABASE_SSL_CERT' is required in secret 'system-database'
```
I think the ha filter needs some tidying up. WDYT?

Author: yep https://github.com/3scale/3scale-operator/pull/1026/files#diff-e194f3db6df5c75dc590ada2df59ed3728f3a3bd3af55478cee45bd02d28d573R240-R242
they are pointing at the wrong variable .
